docs/user_guide/variables.md, before:

---
title: Available Variables
description: >
    All available internal Title Card variables.
tags:
    - Series
---

# Available Variables

Throughout TCM, when something is referred to as a "format" or "format string",
this means that any of the internally defined variables can be used, allowing
for more fine-tuned customization. Accessing these variables is done by
specifying the variable name in curly brackets (`{}`), such as
`{episode_number}`.

This page documents all the available variables.

## Variable Reference

For reference, each variable example is shown for the same
[Episode](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1232253/) of Breaking Bad with some
hypothetical TCM customizations.

=== "Inherent Metadata"

    | Variable Name             | Description             | Example                |
    | ------------------------- | ----------------------- | ---------------------- |
    | `series_name`             | Name of the Series      | `Breaking Bad`         |
    | `series_full_name`        | Full name of the Series | `Breaking Bad (2008)`  |
    | `year`                    | Series Release year     | `2008`              |
    | `season_number`           | Season number           | `2`                    |
    | `episode_number`          | Episode number          | `6`                    |
    | `absolute_number`         | Absolute episode number | `13`                   |
    | `absolute_episode_number` | The absolute number (if available), otherwise the episode number | `13` |
    | `airdate`                 | Episode airdate         | `2009-04-12`           |
    | `watched`                 | Whether the Episode is watched or not | `true`   |

=== "Text Variables"

    | Variable Name       | Description                          | Example     |
    | ------------------- | ------------------------------------ | ----------- |
    | `title`             | Original title of the Episode        | `Peekaboo`  |
    | `title_text`        | Formatted title text of the Card[^1] | `PEEKABOO`  |
    | `hide_season_text`  | Whether to hide season text          | `false`     |
    | `hide_episode_text` | Whether to hide episode text         | `false`     |
    | `season_text`       | The season text of the Card          | `Season 2`  |
    | `episode_text`      | The episode text of the Card         | `Episode 6` |

=== "Cardinal and Ordinal Numbers"

    !!! warning "Deprecated Variables"

        Previously, cardinal and ordinal spelling of numbers (e.g. `Two`,
        `Second`) were available as direct variables (`season_number_cardinal`).
        These are now accessed by the `to_cardinal()` and `to_ordinal()`
        functions. See [here](#function-reference).

=== "Calculated Metadata"

    | Variable Name          | Description                                   | Example |
    | ---------------------- | --------------------------------------------- | ------- |
    | `season_episode_count` | Number of Episodes in the season              | `13`    |
    | `season_episode_max`   | Maximum episode number in the season          | `13`    |
    | `season_absolute_max`  | Maximum absolute episode number in the season | `20`    |
    | `series_episode_count` | Total number of Episodes in the Series        | `62`    |
    | `series_episode_max`   | Maximum episode number in the Series          | `16`    |
    | `series_absolute_max`  | Maximum absolute episode number in the Series | `62`    |

    !!! question "How do these differ?"

        At first glance, the maximum and count variables (like
        `season_episode_count` and `season_episode_max`) might appear the same
        (and in most cases they are), but for Series where Episodes are missing
        these two would differ.

        For example, if I had Episodes 3-10 of Breaking Bad in TCM,
        `season_episode_count` would be `8`, while `season_episode_max` would be
        10.

        The same logic is true for their absolute-number equivalents.

=== "Fonts"

    | Variable Name            | Description                | Example  |
    | ------------------------ | -------------------------- | -------- |
    | `font_color`             | Font color                 | `yellow` |
    | `font_file`              | File path to the font file | `/config/assets/fonts/0/Breaking Bad.ttf`   |
    | `font_size`              | Font size                  | `1.2`    |
    | `font_kerning`           | Font kerning               | `2.3`    |
    | `font_stroke_width`      | Font stroke width          | `1.0`    |
    | `font_interline_spacing` | Font interline spacing     | `0`      |
    | `font_interword_spacing` | Font interword spacing     | `20`     |
    | `font_vertical_shift`    | Font vertical shift        | `20`     |

=== "Files"

    | Variable Name      | Description                          | Example |
    | ------------------ | ------------------------------------ | --------|
    | `source_file`      | File path to the Source Image        | `/config/source/Breaking Bad (2008)/s2e6.jpg` |
    | `card_file`        | File path to the Title Card          | `/config/cards/Breaking Bad (2008)/Season 2/Breaking Bad (2008) - S02E06.jpg` |
    | `source_directory` | Path to the Series' source directory | `/config/source/Breaking Bad (2008)/` |

=== "Database IDs"

    | Variable Name        | Description               | Example             |
    | -------------------- |-------------------------- | ------------------- |
    | `series_emby_id`     | Emby ID of the Series     | `0:TV Shows:abcdef` |
    | `series_imdb_id`     | IMDb ID of the Series     | `tt0903747`         |
    | `series_jellyfin_id` | Jellyfin ID of the Series | `1:TV:def0123`      |
    | `series_sonarr_id`   | Sonarr ID of the Series   | `3:25`              |
    | `series_tmdb_id`     | TMDb ID of the Series     | `1396`              |
    | `series_tvdb_id`     | TVDb ID of the Series     | `81189`             |
    | `series_tvrage_id`   | TV Rage ID of the Series  | `18164`             |
    | `episode_emby_id`    | Emby ID of the Episode    | `0:TV Shows:993981` |
    | `episode_imdb_id`    | IMDb ID of the Episode    | `tt1232253`         |
    | `episode_jellyfin_id`| Emby ID of the Episode    | `1:TV:9d9da`        |
    | `episode_tmdb_id`    | TMDb ID of the Episode    | `62097`             |
    | `episode_tvdb_id`    | TVDb ID of the Episode    | `438917`            |
    | `episode_tvrage_id`  | TV Rage ID of the Episode | `710919`            |

    !!! note "Emby, Jellyfin, and Sonarr IDs"

        The IDs of Emby, Jellyfin, and Sonarr are all unique to your server(s)
        and libraries.

=== "Internal Data"

    | Variable Name | Description                            | Example     |
    | ------------- | -------------------------------------- | ----------- |
    | `extras`      | Any assigned extras                    | _See below_ |
    | `NEWLINE`     | A character to move text to a new line | `\n`        |

    Any assigned extras are added as their variable name. For example, if I
    specify the "Episode Text Color" extra for the Series, then the variable
    `episode_text_color` would provided. This can be used to add arbitrary extra
    data to a Card.

## Function Reference

In addition to defining many variables which can be used, TCM also implements
many functions which allow for more customization. Each is described below.

| Function Name        | Description                                       | Example Format String                     | Example Output |
| -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- | -------------- |
| `titlecase()`        | Write the number in "titlecase" - e.g. "Season"   | `{titlecase(to_cardinal(season_number))}` | `Two`          |
| `to_cardinal()`      | Convert the given number to its cardinal spelling | `{to_cardinal(episode_number)}`           | `two`          |
| `to_cardinal()`      | _See above_, but in another language[^2]          | `{to_cardinal(episode_number, 'fr')}`     | `deux`         |
| `to_ordinal()`       | Convert the given number to its ordinal spelling  | `{to_ordinal(episode_number)}`            | `sixth`        |
| `to_ordinal()`       | _See above_, but in another language[^2]          | `{to_cardinal(episode_number, 'es')}`     | `sexto`        |
| `to_short_ordinal()` | Convert the given number to a shorthand ordinal spelling | `{to_short_ordinal(season_number)}`| `2nd`          |
| `to_short_ordinal()` | _See above_, but in another language[^2]          | `{to_short_ordinal(season_number, 'ja')}` | `13番目`        |
| `to_roman_numeral()` | Convert the given number to a roman numeral       | `{to_roman_numeral(episode_number)}`      | `VI`           |

??? note "Support Language Codes"

    | Code    | Language             |
    | ------- | -------------------- |
    | `am`    | Amharic              |
    | `ar`    | Arabic               |
    | `cz`    | Czech                |
    | `da`    | Danish               |
    | `de`    | German               |
    | `en`    | English (the default)|
    | `eo`    | Esperanto            |
    | `es`    | Spanish              |
    | `fa`    | Farsi                |
    | `fi`    | Finnish              |
    | `fr`    | French               |
    | `fr_BE` | French (Belgium)     |
    | `fr_CH` | French (Switzerland) |
    | `he`    | Hebrew               |
    | `hu`    | Hungarian            |
    | `id`    | Indonesian           |
    | `it`    | Italian              |
    | `ja`    | Japanese             |
    | `kn`    | Kannada              |
    | `ko`    | Korean               |
    | `kz`    | Kazakh               |
    | `lt`    | Lithuanian           |
    | `lv`    | Latvian              |
    | `nl`    | Dutch                |
    | `no`    | Norwegian            |
    | `pl`    | Polish               |
    | `pt`    | Portuguese           |
    | `pt_BR` | Portuguese (Brazil)  |
    | `ro`    | Romanian             |
    | `ru`    | Russian              |
    | `sl`    | Slovenian            |
    | `sr`    | Serbian              |
    | `sv`    | Swedish              |
    | `te`    | Telugu               |
    | `tg`    | Tajik                |
    | `th`    | Thai                 |
    | `tr`    | Turkish              |
    | `uk`    | Ukrainian            |
    | `vi`    | Vietnamese           |

!!! tip "Cardinal vs. Ordinal Mnemonic"

    An easy way to remember whether you want the cardinal or ordinal text is
    that ++c++ardinal starts with a ++c++ like ++c++ount - so one, two, three,
    etc.; while ++o++ordinal starts with ++o++ like ++o++rder - so first,
    second, third, etc.

[^1]: This is _after_ any Font replacements, font case functions, and line
splitting.

[^2]: The second argument to the function is the _language code_. Not all
languages support cardinal and ordinal numbering. These will raise an error
during Card creation.

Commit message:

[198] Add datetime formatting to format strings
- Create format_date format string function
- Fix airdate formats

docs/user_guide/variables.md, after:

---
title: Available Variables
description: >
    All available internal Title Card variables.
tags:
    - Series
---

# Available Variables

Throughout TCM, when something is referred to as a "format" or "format string",
this means that any of the internally defined variables can be used, allowing
for more fine-tuned customization. Accessing these variables is done by
specifying the variable name in curly brackets (`{}`), such as
`{episode_number}`.

This page documents all the available variables.

## Variable Reference

For reference, each variable example is shown for the same
[Episode](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1232253/) of Breaking Bad with some
hypothetical TCM customizations.

=== "Inherent Metadata"

    | Variable Name             | Description             | Example                |
    | ------------------------- | ----------------------- | ---------------------- |
    | `series_name`             | Name of the Series      | `Breaking Bad`         |
    | `series_full_name`        | Full name of the Series | `Breaking Bad (2008)`  |
    | `year`                    | Series Release year     | `2008`              |
    | `season_number`           | Season number           | `2`                    |
    | `episode_number`          | Episode number          | `6`                    |
    | `absolute_number`         | Absolute episode number | `13`                   |
    | `absolute_episode_number` | The absolute number (if available), otherwise the episode number | `13` |
    | `airdate`                 | Episode airdate[^3]     | `2009-04-12`           |
    | `watched`                 | Whether the Episode is watched or not | `true`   |

=== "Text Variables"

    | Variable Name       | Description                          | Example     |
    | ------------------- | ------------------------------------ | ----------- |
    | `title`             | Original title of the Episode        | `Peekaboo`  |
    | `title_text`        | Formatted title text of the Card[^1] | `PEEKABOO`  |
    | `hide_season_text`  | Whether to hide season text          | `false`     |
    | `hide_episode_text` | Whether to hide episode text         | `false`     |
    | `season_text`       | The season text of the Card          | `Season 2`  |
    | `episode_text`      | The episode text of the Card         | `Episode 6` |

=== "Cardinal and Ordinal Numbers"

    !!! warning "Deprecated Variables"

        Previously, cardinal and ordinal spelling of numbers (e.g. `Two`,
        `Second`) were available as direct variables (`season_number_cardinal`).
        These are now accessed by the `to_cardinal()` and `to_ordinal()`
        functions. See [here](#function-reference).

=== "Calculated Metadata"

    | Variable Name          | Description                                   | Example |
    | ---------------------- | --------------------------------------------- | ------- |
    | `season_episode_count` | Number of Episodes in the season              | `13`    |
    | `season_episode_max`   | Maximum episode number in the season          | `13`    |
    | `season_absolute_max`  | Maximum absolute episode number in the season | `20`    |
    | `series_episode_count` | Total number of Episodes in the Series        | `62`    |
    | `series_episode_max`   | Maximum episode number in the Series          | `16`    |
    | `series_absolute_max`  | Maximum absolute episode number in the Series | `62`    |

    !!! question "How do these differ?"

        At first glance, the maximum and count variables (like
        `season_episode_count` and `season_episode_max`) might appear the same
        (and in most cases they are), but for Series where Episodes are missing
        these two would differ.

        For example, if I had Episodes 3-10 of Breaking Bad in TCM,
        `season_episode_count` would be `8`, while `season_episode_max` would be
        10.

        The same logic is true for their absolute-number equivalents.

=== "Fonts"

    | Variable Name            | Description                | Example  |
    | ------------------------ | -------------------------- | -------- |
    | `font_color`             | Font color                 | `yellow` |
    | `font_file`              | File path to the font file | `/config/assets/fonts/0/Breaking Bad.ttf`   |
    | `font_size`              | Font size                  | `1.2`    |
    | `font_kerning`           | Font kerning               | `2.3`    |
    | `font_stroke_width`      | Font stroke width          | `1.0`    |
    | `font_interline_spacing` | Font interline spacing     | `0`      |
    | `font_interword_spacing` | Font interword spacing     | `20`     |
    | `font_vertical_shift`    | Font vertical shift        | `20`     |

=== "Files"

    | Variable Name      | Description                          | Example |
    | ------------------ | ------------------------------------ | --------|
    | `source_file`      | File path to the Source Image        | `/config/source/Breaking Bad (2008)/s2e6.jpg` |
    | `card_file`        | File path to the Title Card          | `/config/cards/Breaking Bad (2008)/Season 2/Breaking Bad (2008) - S02E06.jpg` |
    | `source_directory` | Path to the Series' source directory | `/config/source/Breaking Bad (2008)/` |

=== "Database IDs"

    | Variable Name        | Description               | Example             |
    | -------------------- |-------------------------- | ------------------- |
    | `series_emby_id`     | Emby ID of the Series     | `0:TV Shows:abcdef` |
    | `series_imdb_id`     | IMDb ID of the Series     | `tt0903747`         |
    | `series_jellyfin_id` | Jellyfin ID of the Series | `1:TV:def0123`      |
    | `series_sonarr_id`   | Sonarr ID of the Series   | `3:25`              |
    | `series_tmdb_id`     | TMDb ID of the Series     | `1396`              |
    | `series_tvdb_id`     | TVDb ID of the Series     | `81189`             |
    | `series_tvrage_id`   | TV Rage ID of the Series  | `18164`             |
    | `episode_emby_id`    | Emby ID of the Episode    | `0:TV Shows:993981` |
    | `episode_imdb_id`    | IMDb ID of the Episode    | `tt1232253`         |
    | `episode_jellyfin_id`| Emby ID of the Episode    | `1:TV:9d9da`        |
    | `episode_tmdb_id`    | TMDb ID of the Episode    | `62097`             |
    | `episode_tvdb_id`    | TVDb ID of the Episode    | `438917`            |
    | `episode_tvrage_id`  | TV Rage ID of the Episode | `710919`            |

    !!! note "Emby, Jellyfin, and Sonarr IDs"

        The IDs of Emby, Jellyfin, and Sonarr are all unique to your server(s)
        and libraries.

=== "Internal Data"

    | Variable Name | Description                            | Example     |
    | ------------- | -------------------------------------- | ----------- |
    | `extras`      | Any assigned extras                    | _See below_ |
    | `NEWLINE`     | A character to move text to a new line | `\n`        |

    Any assigned extras are added as their variable name. For example, if I
    specify the "Episode Text Color" extra for the Series, then the variable
    `episode_text_color` would provided. This can be used to add arbitrary extra
    data to a Card.

## Function Reference

In addition to defining many variables which can be used, TCM also implements
many functions which allow for more customization. Each is described below.

| Function Name        | Description                                       | Example Format String                      | Example Output  |
| -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------ | --------------- |
| `titlecase()`        | Write the number in "titlecase" - e.g. "Season"   | `{titlecase(to_cardinal(season_number))}`  | `Two`           |
| `to_cardinal()`      | Convert the given number to its cardinal spelling | `{to_cardinal(episode_number)}`            | `two`           |
| `to_cardinal()`      | _See above_, but in another language[^2]          | `{to_cardinal(episode_number, 'fr')}`      | `deux`          |
| `to_ordinal()`       | Convert the given number to its ordinal spelling  | `{to_ordinal(episode_number)}`             | `sixth`         |
| `to_ordinal()`       | _See above_, but in another language[^2]          | `{to_cardinal(episode_number, 'es')}`      | `sexto`         |
| `to_short_ordinal()` | Convert the given number to a shorthand ordinal spelling | `{to_short_ordinal(season_number)}` | `2nd`           |
| `to_short_ordinal()` | _See above_, but in another language[^2]          | `{to_short_ordinal(season_number, 'ja')}`  | `13番目`         |
| `to_roman_numeral()` | Convert the given number to a roman numeral       | `{to_roman_numeral(episode_number)}`       | `VI`            |
| `format_date()`      | Write the given date in some specific format[^3]  | `{format_date(airdate, 'Week %-U of 52')}` | `Week 02 of 52` |

??? note "Support Language Codes"

    | Code    | Language             |
    | ------- | -------------------- |
    | `am`    | Amharic              |
    | `ar`    | Arabic               |
    | `cz`    | Czech                |
    | `da`    | Danish               |
    | `de`    | German               |
    | `en`    | English (the default)|
    | `eo`    | Esperanto            |
    | `es`    | Spanish              |
    | `fa`    | Farsi                |
    | `fi`    | Finnish              |
    | `fr`    | French               |
    | `fr_BE` | French (Belgium)     |
    | `fr_CH` | French (Switzerland) |
    | `he`    | Hebrew               |
    | `hu`    | Hungarian            |
    | `id`    | Indonesian           |
    | `it`    | Italian              |
    | `ja`    | Japanese             |
    | `kn`    | Kannada              |
    | `ko`    | Korean               |
    | `kz`    | Kazakh               |
    | `lt`    | Lithuanian           |
    | `lv`    | Latvian              |
    | `nl`    | Dutch                |
    | `no`    | Norwegian            |
    | `pl`    | Polish               |
    | `pt`    | Portuguese           |
    | `pt_BR` | Portuguese (Brazil)  |
    | `ro`    | Romanian             |
    | `ru`    | Russian              |
    | `sl`    | Slovenian            |
    | `sr`    | Serbian              |
    | `sv`    | Swedish              |
    | `te`    | Telugu               |
    | `tg`    | Tajik                |
    | `th`    | Thai                 |
    | `tr`    | Turkish              |
    | `uk`    | Ukrainian            |
    | `vi`    | Vietnamese           |

!!! tip "Cardinal vs. Ordinal Mnemonic"

    An easy way to remember whether you want the cardinal or ordinal text is
    that ++c++ardinal starts with a ++c++ like ++c++ount - so one, two, three,
    etc.; while ++o++ordinal starts with ++o++ like ++o++rder - so first,
    second, third, etc.

[^1]: This is _after_ any Font replacements, font case functions, and line
splitting.

[^2]: The second argument to the function is the _language code_. Not all
languages support cardinal and ordinal numbering. These will raise an error
during Card creation.

[^3]: To write the airdate in any format _other_ than the default, the
`format_date` function must be used. A reference of all date variables is
available [here](https://strftime.org/).
