docs/getting_started/index.md, before:

---
title: Getting Started
description: >
    Acquaint yourself with the basics of TitleCardMaker - from installation to
    Title Card creation.
---

# Getting Started
## Installation

### Downloading ImageMagick

!!! note "Non-Docker Users Only"

    The Docker container comes with an installation of ImageMagick, so this step
    can be skipped by all Docker users.


=== ":material-linux: Linux"

    Depending on your Linux distro, you might be able to use whatever package
    manager comes installed. Some of the common installations are detailed
    [here](https://www.xmodulo.com/install-imagemagick-linux.html). For example,
    the following command works on Debian and Ubuntu:

    ```bash
    sudo apt-get install imagemagick
    ```

=== ":material-apple: MacOS"

    Follow the ImageMagick installation and setup instructions listed
    [here](https://imagemagick.org/script/download.php).

=== ":material-powershell: Windows (Powershell)"

    Download the Windows Binary Release from the
    [ImageMagick website](https://imagemagick.org/script/download.php#windows).

    During the installation, be sure to check the _Add application directory to
    your system path_ and _Install legacy utilities (e.g. convert) boxes_. The
    other options are optional.

=== ":material-microsoft-windows: Windows (Non-Powershell)"

    ```bash
    mkdir config
    ```

### Downloading the Code

Sponsors of the project will be invited to a [private GitHub
repository](https://github.com/CollinHeist/TitleCardMaker-WebUI/). These steps
will walk you through getting the code from that repository.

1. After being invited, you will recieve an email at your GitHub's associated
email address, open it and accept the invitation to collaborate (while signed
into your GitHub account).

2. Follow [these](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token#creating-a-personal-access-token-classic)
instructions to get a __classic__ personal access token (PAT) so that you can
retrieve the TCM code from git. Check the `repo` scope section. Copy this code.

    ??? question "Why is this necessary?"

        Because the repository is private, the `git clone` command requires
        authentication. You _can_ download the zipped code from the website, but
        this makes getting updates difficult.

        A PAT is required instead of a password because GitHub does not allow
        passwords to be used from the command line.

    ??? warning "Security Warning"

        Keep this access code private, as it can be used to access your GitHub
        account.

3. Open a terminal of your choice, and go to the desired install location. Then
clone the repository with:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/TitleCardMaker/TitleCardMaker-WebUI.git
    ```

4. Enter your account Username and the PAT from Step 2. The TCM code
will now be downloaded into a subdirectory named `TitleCardMaker-WebUI`.

### Running TitleCardMaker
#### Setup

1. Navigate to the installation directory within the command line.

    ??? example "Example"

        === ":material-linux: Linux"

            <!-- termynal -->

            ```bash
            cd "~/Your/Install/Directory/TitleCardMaker-WebUI"
            ```

        === ":material-apple: MacOS"

            ```bash
            cd "~/Your/Install/Directory/TitleCardMaker-WebUI"
            ```

        === ":material-powershell: Windows (Powershell)"

            ```bash
            cd 'C:\Your\Install\Directory\TitleCardMaker-WebUI'
            ```

        === ":material-microsoft-windows: Windows (Non-Powershell)"

            ```bash
            cd 'C:\Your\Install\Directory\TitleCardMaker-WebUI'
            ```

        Replace the example path with the directory from Step 3 above.

2. Within the main installation directory, create the required folder for 
TCM - this is `config` - by executing the following command:

    === ":material-linux: Linux"

        ```bash
        mkdir config
        ```

    === ":material-apple: MacOS"

        ```bash
        mkdir config
        ```

    === ":material-powershell: Windows (Powershell)"

        ```bash
        mkdir config
        ```

    === ":material-microsoft-windows: Windows (Non-Powershell)"

        ```bash
        mkdir config
        ```

3. We now need to make sure this directory has the correct permissions assigned
to it.

    === ":material-linux: Linux"

        With the Group and User ID that you would like TCM to execute with, run
        the following command:

        ```bash
        sudo chown -R {group}:{user} ./config # (1)!
        ```

        1. Replace `{group}` and `{user}` with the actual group and user (or
        their ID's) - e.g. `99:100`.

    === ":material-apple: MacOS"

        With the Group and User ID that you would like TCM to execute with, run
        the following command:

        ```bash
        sudo chown -R {group}:{user} ./config # (1)!
        ```

        1. Replace `{group}` and `{user}` with the actual group and user (or
        their ID's) - e.g. `99:100`.

    === ":material-powershell: Windows (Powershell)"

        Changing the permissions is (generally) not necessary on Windows.

    === ":material-microsoft-windows: Windows (Non-Powershell)"

        Changing the permissions is (generally) not necessary on Windows.

!!! info "Choice of Installation"

    You now have the choice of building and running the Docker container
    yourself, or launching the Python script directly.

    The Docker container is the recommended method for all operating systems.

#### Launching the Interface

=== ":material-docker: Docker"

    1. Build the Docker image under the tag `titlecardmaker:latest`, by
    executing the following command:

        === ":material-linux: Linux"

            ```bash
            docker build -t "titlecardmaker:latest" .
            ```

        === ":material-apple: MacOS"

            ```bash
            docker build -t "titlecardmaker:latest" .
            ```

        === ":material-powershell: Windows (Powershell)"

            ```bash
            docker build -t "titlecardmaker:latest" .
            ```

        === ":material-microsoft-windows: Windows (Non-Powershell)"

            ```bash
            docker build -t "titlecardmaker:latest" .
            ```

    2. Determine your timezone, a full list is available
    [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones). You
    will want to take note of the text in the _TZ Identifer_ column - e.g.
    `America/Los_Angeles` - for the next step.

    3. Create (and launch) the Docker container by executing the following
    command[^1] - make sure to replace `America/Los_Angeles` with _your_
    timezone from the previous step.

        === ":material-linux: Linux"

            ```bash
            docker run -itd --net="bridge" -v "$(pwd)/config/":"/config/" -e TZ="America/Los_Angeles" -p 4242:4242 --name "TitleCardMaker" "titlecardmaker:latest"
            ```

        === ":material-apple: MacOS"

            ```bash
            docker run -itd --net="bridge" -v "$(pwd)/config/":"/config/" -e TZ="America/Los_Angeles" -p 4242:4242 --name "TitleCardMaker" "titlecardmaker:latest"
            ```

        === ":material-powershell: Windows (Powershell)"

            ```bash
            docker run -itd --net="bridge" -v "$(pwd)\config":"/config/" -e TZ="America/Los_Angeles" -p 4242:4242 --name "TitleCardMaker" "titlecardmaker:latest"
            ```

        === ":material-microsoft-windows: Windows (Non-Powershell)"

            ```bash
            docker run -itd --net="bridge" -v "%cd%\config":"/config/" -e TZ="America/Los_Angeles" -p 4242:4242 --name "TitleCardMaker" "titlecardmaker:latest"
            ```

    ??? error "Docker `invalid reference format` Error"

        If you get an error from Docker saying `invalid reference format` - this
        means that the command has some typo. Try specifying the command in one-
        line (removing the ending character from each line).

        Windows users can also _manually_ specify their install directory rather
        than using `$(pwd)` or `%cd$`, with all forward slashes (`/`) instead of
        back slashes - e.g. `C:/Users/Documents/TitleCardMaker-WebUI/config`
        in place of `$(pwd)\TitleCard\config`.

=== ":material-language-python: Non-Docker"

    Run the following command to install the required Python packages and launch
    the TCM interface.

    ```bash
    pipenv install
    pipenv run uvicorn app-main:app --host "0.0.0.0" --port 4242
    ```
    
    And you should see an output _like_:
    
    ```log
    INFO:     Started server process [17385]
    INFO:     Waiting for application startup.
    INFO:     Application startup complete.
    INFO:     Uvicorn running on http://0.0.0.0:4242 (Press CTRL+C to quit)
    ```

!!! success "Success"

    TitleCardMaker is now accessible at the `http://0.0.0.0:4242` or
    `http://localhost:4242/` URL.

??? failure "Interface not accessible?"

    If your log shows

    ```log
    INFO:     Application startup complete.
    ```
    
    And neither the `http://0.0.0.0:4242`, `http://localhost:4242`, or your
    local IP address URL load into the TCM UI, then replace the `0.0.0.0` part
    of the previous command with your _local_ IP address - e.g. `192.168.0.10`.
    If you still have issues, reach out on the Discord.

## Getting Started

The following pages of the tutorial are designed to walk you through all of the
basics of using TitleCardMaker. It covers each step between installing TCM up
through creating example Title Cards. You can skip directly to
[Configuring Connections](./connections/index.md).

It is designed for __completely new users__ of TCM, but is still helpful for
those migrating from TCM v1.0 (the command line tool). For more detailed
information about specific aspects of TitleCardMaker, look at the
[User Guide](../user_guide/index.md).


[^1]: The exact purpose of this command breaks down as follow:
    ```bash
    docker run -itd ^ # (1)!
        --net="bridge" ^ # (2)!
        -v "%cd%\config":"/config/" ^ # (3)!
        -e TZ="America/Los_Angeles" ^ # (4)!
        -p 4242:4242 ^ # (5)!
        --name "TitleCardMaker" ^ # (6)!
        titlecardmaker
    ```

    1. Launch the container in the background.
    2. Ensure that TCM has access to the ports of your other Docker
    containers.
    3. Make your current directory available inside the container.
    4. Set the internal timezone equal to your local timezone.
    5. Make the TCM WebUI accessible at port 4242 on your machine.
    6. Name the container TitleCardMaker.

Commit message:

[3] Documentation updates
- Add note that TCM is self-hosted
- Remove under construction note on Striped card page
- Refer to PMM as Kometa in getting started Plex page
- Revise getting started tutorial to not create 2 templates, only creating 1
- Update getting started to refer to new series page layout
- Add note about recommended terminals in getting started
- Remove reference to default intervals from scheduler getting started page

docs/getting_started/index.md, after:

---
title: Getting Started
description: >
    Acquaint yourself with the basics of TitleCardMaker - from installation to
    Title Card creation.
---

# Getting Started
## Installation

### Downloading ImageMagick

!!! note "Non-Docker Users Only"

    The Docker container comes with an installation of ImageMagick, so this step
    can be skipped by all Docker users.


=== ":material-linux: Linux"

    Depending on your Linux distro, you might be able to use whatever package
    manager comes installed. Some of the common installations are detailed
    [here](https://www.xmodulo.com/install-imagemagick-linux.html). For example,
    the following command works on Debian and Ubuntu:

    ```bash
    sudo apt-get install imagemagick
    ```

=== ":material-apple: MacOS"

    Follow the ImageMagick installation and setup instructions listed
    [here](https://imagemagick.org/script/download.php).

=== ":material-powershell: Windows (Powershell)"

    Download the Windows Binary Release from the
    [ImageMagick website](https://imagemagick.org/script/download.php#windows).

    During the installation, be sure to check the _Add application directory to
    your system path_ and _Install legacy utilities (e.g. convert) boxes_. The
    other options are optional.

=== ":material-microsoft-windows: Windows (Non-Powershell)"

    Download the Windows Binary Release from the
    [ImageMagick website](https://imagemagick.org/script/download.php#windows).

    During the installation, be sure to check the _Add application directory to
    your system path_ and _Install legacy utilities (e.g. convert) boxes_. The
    other options are optional.

### Downloading the Code

Sponsors of the project will be invited to a [private GitHub
repository](https://github.com/CollinHeist/TitleCardMaker-WebUI/). These steps
will walk you through getting the code from that repository.

1. After being invited, you will recieve an email at your GitHub's associated
email address, open it and accept the invitation to collaborate (while signed
into your GitHub account).

2. Follow [these](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token#creating-a-personal-access-token-classic)
instructions to get a __classic__ personal access token (PAT) so that you can
retrieve the TCM code from git. Check the `repo` scope section. Copy this code.

    ??? question "Why is this necessary?"

        Because the repository is private, the `git clone` command requires
        authentication. You _can_ download the zipped code from the website, but
        this makes getting updates difficult.

        A PAT is required instead of a password because GitHub does not allow
        passwords to be used from the command line.

    ??? warning "Security Warning"

        Keep this access code private, as it can be used to access your GitHub
        account.

3. Open a terminal[^1] of your choice, and go to the desired install location.
Then clone the repository with:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/TitleCardMaker/TitleCardMaker-WebUI.git
    ```

4. Enter your account Username and the PAT from Step 2. The TCM code
will now be downloaded into a subdirectory named `TitleCardMaker-WebUI`.

### Running TitleCardMaker
#### Setup

1. Navigate to the installation directory within the command line.

    ??? example "Example"

        === ":material-linux: Linux"

            <!-- termynal -->

            ```bash
            cd "~/Your/Install/Directory/TitleCardMaker-WebUI"
            ```

        === ":material-apple: MacOS"

            ```bash
            cd "~/Your/Install/Directory/TitleCardMaker-WebUI"
            ```

        === ":material-powershell: Windows (Powershell)"

            ```bash
            cd 'C:\Your\Install\Directory\TitleCardMaker-WebUI'
            ```

        === ":material-microsoft-windows: Windows (Non-Powershell)"

            ```bash
            cd 'C:\Your\Install\Directory\TitleCardMaker-WebUI'
            ```

        Replace the example path with the directory from Step 3 above.

2. Within the main installation directory, create the required folder for 
TCM - this is `config` - by executing the following command:

    === ":material-linux: Linux"

        ```bash
        mkdir config
        ```

    === ":material-apple: MacOS"

        ```bash
        mkdir config
        ```

    === ":material-powershell: Windows (Powershell)"

        ```bash
        mkdir config
        ```

    === ":material-microsoft-windows: Windows (Non-Powershell)"

        ```bash
        mkdir config
        ```

3. We now need to make sure this directory has the correct permissions assigned
to it.

    === ":material-linux: Linux"

        With the Group and User ID that you would like TCM to execute with, run
        the following command:

        ```bash
        sudo chown -R {group}:{user} ./config # (1)!
        ```

        1. Replace `{group}` and `{user}` with the actual group and user (or
        their ID's) - e.g. `99:100`.

    === ":material-apple: MacOS"

        With the Group and User ID that you would like TCM to execute with, run
        the following command:

        ```bash
        sudo chown -R {group}:{user} ./config # (1)!
        ```

        1. Replace `{group}` and `{user}` with the actual group and user (or
        their ID's) - e.g. `99:100`.

    === ":material-powershell: Windows (Powershell)"

        Changing the permissions is (generally) not necessary on Windows.

    === ":material-microsoft-windows: Windows (Non-Powershell)"

        Changing the permissions is (generally) not necessary on Windows.

!!! info "Choice of Installation"

    You now have the choice of building and running the Docker container
    yourself, or launching the Python script directly.

    The Docker container is the recommended method for all operating systems.

#### Launching the Interface

=== ":material-docker: Docker"

    1. Build the Docker image under the tag `titlecardmaker:latest`, by
    executing the following command:

        === ":material-linux: Linux"

            ```bash
            docker build -t "titlecardmaker:latest" .
            ```

        === ":material-apple: MacOS"

            ```bash
            docker build -t "titlecardmaker:latest" .
            ```

        === ":material-powershell: Windows (Powershell)"

            ```bash
            docker build -t "titlecardmaker:latest" .
            ```

        === ":material-microsoft-windows: Windows (Non-Powershell)"

            ```bash
            docker build -t "titlecardmaker:latest" .
            ```

    2. Determine your timezone, a full list is available
    [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones). You
    will want to take note of the text in the _TZ Identifer_ column - e.g.
    `America/Los_Angeles` - for the next step.

    3. Create (and launch) the Docker container by executing the following
    command[^2] - make sure to replace `America/Los_Angeles` with _your_
    timezone from the previous step.

        === ":material-linux: Linux"

            ```bash
            docker run -itd --net="bridge" -v "$(pwd)/config/":"/config/" -e TZ="America/Los_Angeles" -p 4242:4242 --name "TitleCardMaker" "titlecardmaker:latest"
            ```

        === ":material-apple: MacOS"

            ```bash
            docker run -itd --net="bridge" -v "$(pwd)/config/":"/config/" -e TZ="America/Los_Angeles" -p 4242:4242 --name "TitleCardMaker" "titlecardmaker:latest"
            ```

        === ":material-powershell: Windows (Powershell)"

            ```bash
            docker run -itd --net="bridge" -v "$(pwd)\config":"/config/" -e TZ="America/Los_Angeles" -p 4242:4242 --name "TitleCardMaker" "titlecardmaker:latest"
            ```

        === ":material-microsoft-windows: Windows (Non-Powershell)"

            ```bash
            docker run -itd --net="bridge" -v "%cd%\config":"/config/" -e TZ="America/Los_Angeles" -p 4242:4242 --name "TitleCardMaker" "titlecardmaker:latest"
            ```

    ??? error "Docker `invalid reference format` Error"

        If you get an error from Docker saying `invalid reference format` - this
        means that the command has some typo. Try specifying the command in one-
        line (removing the ending character from each line).

        Windows users can also _manually_ specify their install directory rather
        than using `$(pwd)` or `%cd$`, with all forward slashes (`/`) instead of
        back slashes - e.g. `C:/Users/Documents/TitleCardMaker-WebUI/config`
        in place of `$(pwd)\TitleCard\config`.

=== ":material-language-python: Non-Docker"

    Run the following commands to install the required Python packages and
    launch the TCM interface.

    ```bash
    pipenv install
    ```

    ```bash
    pipenv run uvicorn app-main:app --host "0.0.0.0" --port 4242
    ```
    
    And you should see an output _like_:
    
    ```log
    INFO:     Started server process [17385]
    INFO:     Waiting for application startup.
    INFO:     Application startup complete.
    INFO:     Uvicorn running on http://0.0.0.0:4242 (Press CTRL+C to quit)
    ```

!!! success "Success"

    TitleCardMaker is now accessible at the `http://0.0.0.0:4242` or
    `http://localhost:4242/` URL.

??? failure "Interface not accessible?"

    If your log shows

    ```log
    INFO:     Application startup complete.
    ```
    
    And neither the `http://0.0.0.0:4242`, `http://localhost:4242`, or your
    local IP address URL load into the TCM UI, then replace the `0.0.0.0` part
    of the previous command with your _local_ IP address - e.g. `192.168.0.10`.
    If you still have issues, reach out on the Discord.

## Getting Started

The following pages of the tutorial are designed to walk you through all of the
basics of using TitleCardMaker. It covers each step between installing TCM up
through creating example Title Cards. You can skip directly to
[Configuring Connections](./connections/index.md).

It is designed for __completely new users__ of TCM, but is still helpful for
those migrating from TCM v1.0 (the command line tool). For more detailed
information about specific aspects of TitleCardMaker, look at the
[User Guide](../user_guide/index.md).



[^1]:
    - For Linux, I will assume you know what a Terminal is :wink:.
    - For Mac users, this is `Terminal` and can be found via the Spotlight
    - For Windows users, this is `Command Prompt` or `PowerShell`. Both can be
    accessed from the search menu

[^2]:
    The exact purpose of this command breaks down as follow:
    ```bash
    docker run -itd ^ # (1)!
        --net="bridge" ^ # (2)!
        -v "%cd%\config":"/config/" ^ # (3)!
        -e TZ="America/Los_Angeles" ^ # (4)!
        -p 4242:4242 ^ # (5)!
        --name "TitleCardMaker" ^ # (6)!
        titlecardmaker
    ```

    1. Launch the container in the background.
    2. Ensure that TCM has access to the ports of your other Docker
    containers.
    3. Make your current directory available inside the container.
    4. Set the internal timezone equal to your local timezone.
    5. Make the TCM WebUI accessible at port 4242 on your machine.
    6. Name the container TitleCardMaker.
