docs/settings.md, before:

# Settings

!!! warning "Under Construction"

    This documentation is actively being developed.

## Background
From the left-hand navigation menu, Global Settings can be accessed and
set. Settings listed here are the _global_ defaults for TitleCardMaker,
but many can be overwritten for a specific Series.

## Recommended Settings
TitleCardMaker's default settings are typically the recommended settings
for a vast majority of users. Specifics about each setting are detailed
below.

??? tip "Recommended Settings"

    === "Docker"

        | Setting | Recommended Value |
        | ---: | :--- |
        | Card Directory | /config/cards/ |
        | Source Directory | /config/source/ |
        | Episode Data Source | Sonarr | 
        | Image Source Priority | `TMDb` `Plex` `Emby` `Jellyfin` |
        | Sync Specials | Unchecked |
        | Default Card Type | _Personal Preference_ |
        | Excluded Card Types | _Personal Preference_ |
        | Watched Episode Style | Unique |
        | Unwatched Episode Style | _Personal Preference_ |
        | Card Dimensions | 3200x1800 |
        | Card Extension | .jpg |
        | Filename Format | {series_full_name} - S{season_number:02}E{episode_number:02} |
        | Specials Folder Format | Specials |
        | Season Folder Format | Season {season_number} |
        | ImageMagick Docker Container | Unchecked and Disabled |

    === "Non-Docker"

        | Setting | Recommended Value |
        | ---: |  :--- |
        | Card Directory | ./cards/ |
        | Source Directory | ./source/ |
        | Episode Data Source | Sonarr | 
        | Image Source Priority | `TMDb` `Plex` `Emby` `Jellyfin` |
        | Sync Specials | Unchecked |
        | Default Card Type | _Personal Preference_ |
        | Excluded Card Types | _Personal Preference_ |
        | Watched Episode Style | Unique |
        | Unwatched Episode Style | _Personal Preference_ |
        | Card Dimensions | 3200x1800 |
        | Card Extension | .jpg |
        | Filename Format | {series_full_name} - S{season_number:02}E{episode_number:02} |
        | Specials Folder Format | Specials |
        | Season Folder Format | Season {season_number} |
        | ImageMagick Docker Container | Unchecked and Disabled |

## Quick Reference
Below is a brief description of each setting. Each setting is described
in greater detail below.

| Setting | Overwritable | Description |
| ---: | :---: | :--- |
| Card Directory | :material-check:{.green} | Root directory where all Title Cards will be created and stored. |
| Source Directory | :octicons-x-16:{.red} | Root directory where all source images will be stored. |
| Episode Data Source | :material-check:{.green} | Where to source Series Episode data from. |
| Image Source Priority | :octicons-x-16:{.red} | Where to gather source images from. |
| Sync Specials | :material-check:{.green} | Whether to ignore Episodes from Season 0 by default. |
| Default Card Type | :material-check:{.green} | Default card type to use for all Title Cards. |
| Excluded Card Types | :octicons-x-16:{.red} | Card types to exclude from card type dropdowns (for easier use). |
| Watched Episode Style | :material-check:{.green} | How to style Title Cards for Episodes that are watched. |
| Unwatched Episode Style | :material-check:{.green} | How to style Title Cards for Episodes that are unwatched. |
| Card Width and Height | :octicons-x-16:{.red} | Image dimensions for created Title Cards. |
| Card Extension | :octicons-x-16:{.red} | Image extension for created Title Cards. |
| Filename Format | :material-check:{.green} | Format for the filenames of created Title Cards. |
| Specials Folder Format | :octicons-x-16:{.red}| Format of the folder name for Title Cards from Season 0. |
| Season Folder Format | :octicons-x-16:{.red} | Format of the folder name for all other Title Cards. |

## Root Folders
The root folders listed here serve as the primary asset directories for
both Title Card and Source images. If using Docker, it is important
that both of these directories are accessible _outside_ of the Container.

### Card Directory
The root folder for all Title Cards created by TitleCardMaker. Within
this directory, each Series added to TitleCardMaker will have a
subfolder created for it, under which cards will be created.

??? example

    === "Docker"

        For Docker setups, the recommended settings for this is
        `/config/cards`. In this instance, if the Series `Breaking Bad`
        were added to TitleCardMaker, I'd expect to find all associated
        Title Cards under the `/config/cards/Breaking Bad (2008)/`
        directory.

    === "Non-Docker"

        When installed locally, this setting can be whatever is most-
        convenient. It is very common to specify a `cards` directory
        within your local installation directory, e.g. `./cards/`.
        However, this is not required. In this instance, if the Series
        `Breaking Bad` were added to TitleCardMaker, I'd expect to find
        all associated Title Cards under the `./cards/Breaking Bad
        (2008)/` directory.

This directory __does not__ need to align with your Media folders (where
your media files are kept), as TCM loads the Title Cards directly into
your Media Server, bypassing any "local media" matching.

### Source Directory
The root folder for all source images downloaded and used by 
TitleCardMaker. Within this directory, each Series added to
TitleCardMaker will have a subfolder created for it, under which source
images (and logos) will be added.

??? question "What's a Source Image?"

    A source image is the (typically) textless input images which text
    or effects are added on top of (by TCM) to create a Title Card.

??? example

    === "Docker"

        For Docker setups, the recommended settings for this is
        `/config/source`. In this instance, if the Series `Breaking Bad`
        were added to TitleCardMaker, I'd expect to find all associated
        source images (and logos) under the `/config/source/Breaking Bad
        (2008)/` directory.

    === "Non-Docker"

        When installed locally, this setting can be whatever is most-
        convenient. It is very common to specify a `source` directory
        within your local installation directory, e.g. `./source/`.
        However, this is not required. In this instance, if the Series
        `Breaking Bad` were added to TitleCardMaker, I'd expect to find
        all associated source images (and logos) under the `./source/
        Breaking Bad (2008)/` directory.

---

## Episode Data
### Episode Data Source
So that Episode data (e.g. numbers, titles, airdates, etc.) does not 
have to be manually entered, TitleCardMaker needs to source Episode data
from some external source. Any enabled Connection _can_ be used as an
Episode Data source - however, there are some differences between each.

??? info "Differences in Episode Data Sources"

    | Episode Data Source | Provides Absolute Episode Numbers | Only Provides Data for Downloaded Episodes | Relative Speed |
    | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
    | Emby | :material-close:{.red} | :material-check:{.green} | Average |
    | Jellyfin | :material-close:{.red} | :material-check:{.green} | Average |
    | Plex | :material-close:{.red} | :material-check:{.green} | Slow |
    | Sonarr | :material-check:{.green} | :octicons-x-16:{.red}| Fast |
    | TMDb | :material-close:{.red} | :octicons-x-16:{.red} | Fast |

    The speed of a Media Server as an Episode data source will vary wildy with
    both the number of Episodes for a given Series, as well as the overall size
    of your database.

This setting _can_ be overwritten with Templates, or per-Series.

### Image Source Priority

Similar to the [Episode data source](#episode-data-source) option, this
setting controls where TitleCardMaker should gather Images from. Unlike
the Episode data source, multiple sources can be specified here, and the
selected order does matter.

TitleCardMaker, while searching for images, will try the listed sources
_in order_ until a source image is found.

??? tip "Recommended Setting"

    For __a vast majority__ of users, specifying TMDb and then your
    Media Servers (so `TMDb` `Plex` `...`) is recommended. This is
    because TMDb has a much wider variety of image availability, and is
    typically much higher quality than the auto-scraped images from your
    Media Server.

### Sync Specials

Whether to ignore Episodes from Season 0 by default.

Many Series have "bonus" content like behind the scenes, featurettes,
shorts, commercials, etc. listed under Season 0 as _Specials_. If you
would like TCM to ignore these when grabbing Episode data from your
specified Episode data source, then uncheck this setting.

This setting _can_ be overwritten with Templates, or per-Series.

??? note "Manually Adding Specials"

    Even if this setting is disabled (so Specials are ignored), Episodes
    can still be added manually.

## Title Cards
### Default Card Type

The global default card type for all Title Cards. Any instances where the card
type is left _unspecified_ will use this card type.

This setting _can_ be overwritten with Templates, per-Series, or per-Episode.

??? warning "Missing Card Types?"

    [Excluded card types](#excluded-card-types) are _not_ shown in this dropdown.

### Excluded Card Types

Any number of card types to exclude from any card type dropdowns. This is purely
a cosmetic selector, and is intended to make finding your desired card easier if
you find there are specific types you intend to never use.

### Watched Episode Style

The default style for all Episodes that are **watched** in their indicated
Media Server.

This setting _can_ be overwritten with Templates, per-Series, or per-Episode.

### Unwatched Episode Style

The default style for all Episodes that are **unwatched** in their indicated
Media Server.

This setting _can_ be overwritten with Templates, per-Series, or per-Episode.

### Card Dimensions

The output dimensions of all created Title Cards. This can be reduced to
decrease the filesize (and therefore quality) of your Title Card assets, or
increased for the opposite effect.

??? warning "16:9 Aspect Ratio"

    TCM will not stop you from setting a non-standard (non-16:9) aspect ratio,
    but your created Title Cards __will__ be cropped when loaded into your
    Media Server.

## File Naming
### Card Extension

Image extension for all created Title Cards. Below is a table summarizing the
differences in each type (with regards to TCM):

??? tip "Image Extension Differences"
 
    | Format | Compression Category | Supports Transparency | Relative Filesize |
    | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
    | `jpg` / `jpeg` | Lossy | :material-close:{.red} | 100% |
    | `png` | Lossless | :material-check:{.green} | 230% |
    | `tiff` | Lossless | :material-check:{.green} | 300% |
    | `gif` | Lossless | :material-check:{.green} | 90% |
    | `webp` | Lessless / Lossy | :material-check:{.green} | 70% |

    !!! note "Note about Transparency"

        Only a select few card types can take advantage of transparency. These
        are typically types that allow use of a background _color_ instead of an
        image - e.g. the [Roman Numeral](...) and [Logo](...) cards.

My personal recommendation is to use the `webp` image extension because of the
file size savings and support for transparency. The reason this is not the
default is because of the ubiquity of JPEG images.

### Filename Format

The format / naming convention of how to name the Title Card files. This is a
_format_, and will be applied to each individual Title Card. This format can
contain _variable_ data (contained in `{}` characters) that is evaluated for
each Title Card.

A full list of the available variables are listed below.

??? note "Available Variables"

    All the following examples will be for _Mr. Robot_ Season 4 Episode 1
    (absolute episode 33), titled "401 Unauthorized"

    ## Series Variables

    | Variable | Example |
    | ---: | :--- |
    | `{series_name}` | Mr. Robot |
    | `{series_full_name}` | Mr. Robot (2015) |
    | `{year}` | 2015 |
    | `{series_emby_id}` | _Depends_ |
    | `{series_imdb_id}` | tt4158110 |
    | `{series_jellyfin_id}` | _Depends_ |
    | `{series_sonarr_id}` | _Depends_ |
    | `{series_tmdb_id}` | 62560 |
    | `{series_tvdb_id}` | 289590 |
    | `{series_tvrage_id}` | N/A |

    ## Episode Variables

    | Variable | Example |
    | ---: | :--- |
    | `{season_number}` | 4 |
    | `{season_number:02}` | 04 |
    | `{episode_number}` | 1 |
    | `{episode_number:02}` | 01 |
    | `{absolute_number}` | 33 |
    | `{title}` | 401 Unauthorized |
    | `{title.lower()}` | 401 unauthorized |
    | `{title.upper()}` | 401 UNAUTHORIZED |
    | `{episode_emby_id}` | _Depends_ |
    | `{episode_imdb_id}` | tt7748418 |
    | `{episode_jellyfin_id}` | _Depends_ |
    | `{episode_tmdb_id}` | 1905049 |
    | `{episode_tvdb_id}` | 7337251 |
    | `{episode_tvrage_id}` | N/A |


    !!! tip "Formatting"

        All number data can be zero-padded with `n` many zeroes. Just specify
        the variable as `{variable:0n}`.

        All text data can be made fully upper or lowercase. Just specify the
        variable as `{variable.upper()}` or `{variable.lower()}`.

### Specials Folder Format

### Season Folder Format

^([^{]*(?:{(?:season|episode|absolute)_number(?::\d+)?})*)+$

Commit message:

Minor documentation update
- Change API key warnings to danger admonitions
- Remove inline comments from some commands that were not being rendered correctly
- Add TRaSH and example formats for filename format on settings page

docs/settings.md, after:

# Settings

!!! warning "Under Construction"

    This documentation is actively being developed.

## Background
From the left-hand navigation menu, Global Settings can be accessed and
set. Settings listed here are the _global_ defaults for TitleCardMaker,
but many can be overwritten for a specific Series.

## Recommended Settings
TitleCardMaker's default settings are typically the recommended settings
for a vast majority of users. Specifics about each setting are detailed
below.

??? tip "Recommended Settings"

    === "Docker"

        | Setting | Recommended Value |
        | ---: | :--- |
        | Card Directory | /config/cards/ |
        | Source Directory | /config/source/ |
        | Episode Data Source | Sonarr | 
        | Image Source Priority | `TMDb` `Plex` `Emby` `Jellyfin` |
        | Sync Specials | Unchecked |
        | Default Card Type | _Personal Preference_ |
        | Excluded Card Types | _Personal Preference_ |
        | Watched Episode Style | Unique |
        | Unwatched Episode Style | _Personal Preference_ |
        | Card Dimensions | 3200x1800 |
        | Card Extension | .jpg |
        | Filename Format | {series_full_name} - S{season_number:02}E{episode_number:02} |
        | Specials Folder Format | Specials |
        | Season Folder Format | Season {season_number} |
        | ImageMagick Docker Container | Unchecked and Disabled |

    === "Non-Docker"

        | Setting | Recommended Value |
        | ---: |  :--- |
        | Card Directory | ./cards/ |
        | Source Directory | ./source/ |
        | Episode Data Source | Sonarr | 
        | Image Source Priority | `TMDb` `Plex` `Emby` `Jellyfin` |
        | Sync Specials | Unchecked |
        | Default Card Type | _Personal Preference_ |
        | Excluded Card Types | _Personal Preference_ |
        | Watched Episode Style | Unique |
        | Unwatched Episode Style | _Personal Preference_ |
        | Card Dimensions | 3200x1800 |
        | Card Extension | .jpg |
        | Filename Format | {series_full_name} - S{season_number:02}E{episode_number:02} |
        | Specials Folder Format | Specials |
        | Season Folder Format | Season {season_number} |
        | ImageMagick Docker Container | Unchecked and Disabled |

## Quick Reference
Below is a brief description of each setting. Each setting is described
in greater detail below.

| Setting | Overwritable | Description |
| ---: | :---: | :--- |
| Card Directory | :material-check:{.green} | Root directory where all Title Cards will be created and stored. |
| Source Directory | :octicons-x-16:{.red} | Root directory where all source images will be stored. |
| Episode Data Source | :material-check:{.green} | Where to source Series Episode data from. |
| Image Source Priority | :octicons-x-16:{.red} | Where to gather source images from. |
| Sync Specials | :material-check:{.green} | Whether to ignore Episodes from Season 0 by default. |
| Default Card Type | :material-check:{.green} | Default card type to use for all Title Cards. |
| Excluded Card Types | :octicons-x-16:{.red} | Card types to exclude from card type dropdowns (for easier use). |
| Watched Episode Style | :material-check:{.green} | How to style Title Cards for Episodes that are watched. |
| Unwatched Episode Style | :material-check:{.green} | How to style Title Cards for Episodes that are unwatched. |
| Card Width and Height | :octicons-x-16:{.red} | Image dimensions for created Title Cards. |
| Card Extension | :octicons-x-16:{.red} | Image extension for created Title Cards. |
| Filename Format | :material-check:{.green} | Format for the filenames of created Title Cards. |
| Specials Folder Format | :octicons-x-16:{.red}| Format of the folder name for Title Cards from Season 0. |
| Season Folder Format | :octicons-x-16:{.red} | Format of the folder name for all other Title Cards. |

## Root Folders
The root folders listed here serve as the primary asset directories for
both Title Card and Source images. If using Docker, it is important
that both of these directories are accessible _outside_ of the Container.

### Card Directory
The root folder for all Title Cards created by TitleCardMaker. Within
this directory, each Series added to TitleCardMaker will have a
subfolder created for it, under which cards will be created.

??? example

    === "Docker"

        For Docker setups, the recommended settings for this is
        `/config/cards`. In this instance, if the Series `Breaking Bad`
        were added to TitleCardMaker, I'd expect to find all associated
        Title Cards under the `/config/cards/Breaking Bad (2008)/`
        directory.

    === "Non-Docker"

        When installed locally, this setting can be whatever is most-
        convenient. It is very common to specify a `cards` directory
        within your local installation directory, e.g. `./cards/`.
        However, this is not required. In this instance, if the Series
        `Breaking Bad` were added to TitleCardMaker, I'd expect to find
        all associated Title Cards under the `./cards/Breaking Bad
        (2008)/` directory.

This directory __does not__ need to align with your Media folders (where
your media files are kept), as TCM loads the Title Cards directly into
your Media Server, bypassing any "local media" matching.

### Source Directory
The root folder for all source images downloaded and used by 
TitleCardMaker. Within this directory, each Series added to
TitleCardMaker will have a subfolder created for it, under which source
images (and logos) will be added.

??? question "What's a Source Image?"

    A source image is the (typically) textless input images which text
    or effects are added on top of (by TCM) to create a Title Card.

??? example

    === "Docker"

        For Docker setups, the recommended settings for this is
        `/config/source`. In this instance, if the Series `Breaking Bad`
        were added to TitleCardMaker, I'd expect to find all associated
        source images (and logos) under the `/config/source/Breaking Bad
        (2008)/` directory.

    === "Non-Docker"

        When installed locally, this setting can be whatever is most-
        convenient. It is very common to specify a `source` directory
        within your local installation directory, e.g. `./source/`.
        However, this is not required. In this instance, if the Series
        `Breaking Bad` were added to TitleCardMaker, I'd expect to find
        all associated source images (and logos) under the `./source/
        Breaking Bad (2008)/` directory.

---

## Episode Data
### Episode Data Source
So that Episode data (e.g. numbers, titles, airdates, etc.) does not 
have to be manually entered, TitleCardMaker needs to source Episode data
from some external source. Any enabled Connection _can_ be used as an
Episode Data source - however, there are some differences between each.

??? info "Differences in Episode Data Sources"

    | Episode Data Source | Provides Absolute Episode Numbers | Only Provides Data for Downloaded Episodes | Relative Speed |
    | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
    | Emby | :material-close:{.red} | :material-check:{.green} | Average |
    | Jellyfin | :material-close:{.red} | :material-check:{.green} | Average |
    | Plex | :material-close:{.red} | :material-check:{.green} | Slow |
    | Sonarr | :material-check:{.green} | :octicons-x-16:{.red}| Fast |
    | TMDb | :material-close:{.red} | :octicons-x-16:{.red} | Fast |

    The speed of a Media Server as an Episode data source will vary wildy with
    both the number of Episodes for a given Series, as well as the overall size
    of your database.

This setting _can_ be overwritten with Templates, or per-Series.

### Image Source Priority

Similar to the [Episode data source](#episode-data-source) option, this
setting controls where TitleCardMaker should gather Images from. Unlike
the Episode data source, multiple sources can be specified here, and the
selected order does matter.

TitleCardMaker, while searching for images, will try the listed sources
_in order_ until a source image is found.

??? tip "Recommended Setting"

    For __a vast majority__ of users, specifying TMDb and then your
    Media Servers (so `TMDb` `Plex` `...`) is recommended. This is
    because TMDb has a much wider variety of image availability, and is
    typically much higher quality than the auto-scraped images from your
    Media Server.

### Sync Specials

Whether to ignore Episodes from Season 0 by default.

Many Series have "bonus" content like behind the scenes, featurettes,
shorts, commercials, etc. listed under Season 0 as _Specials_. If you
would like TCM to ignore these when grabbing Episode data from your
specified Episode data source, then uncheck this setting.

This setting _can_ be overwritten with Templates, or per-Series.

??? note "Manually Adding Specials"

    Even if this setting is disabled (so Specials are ignored), Episodes
    can still be added manually.

## Title Cards
### Default Card Type

The global default card type for all Title Cards. Any instances where the card
type is left _unspecified_ will use this card type.

This setting _can_ be overwritten with Templates, per-Series, or per-Episode.

??? warning "Missing Card Types?"

    [Excluded card types](#excluded-card-types) are _not_ shown in this dropdown.

### Excluded Card Types

Any number of card types to exclude from any card type dropdowns. This is purely
a cosmetic selector, and is intended to make finding your desired card easier if
you find there are specific types you intend to never use.

### Watched Episode Style

The default style for all Episodes that are **watched** in their indicated
Media Server.

This setting _can_ be overwritten with Templates, per-Series, or per-Episode.

### Unwatched Episode Style

The default style for all Episodes that are **unwatched** in their indicated
Media Server.

This setting _can_ be overwritten with Templates, per-Series, or per-Episode.

### Card Dimensions

The output dimensions of all created Title Cards. This can be reduced to
decrease the filesize (and therefore quality) of your Title Card assets, or
increased for the opposite effect.

??? warning "16:9 Aspect Ratio"

    TCM will not stop you from setting a non-standard (non-16:9) aspect ratio,
    but your created Title Cards __will__ be cropped when loaded into your
    Media Server.

## File Naming
### Card Extension

Image extension for all created Title Cards. Below is a table summarizing the
differences in each type (with regards to TCM):

??? tip "Image Extension Differences"
 
    | Format | Compression Category | Supports Transparency | Relative Filesize |
    | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
    | `jpg` / `jpeg` | Lossy | :material-close:{.red} | 100% |
    | `png` | Lossless | :material-check:{.green} | 230% |
    | `tiff` | Lossless | :material-check:{.green} | 300% |
    | `gif` | Lossless | :material-check:{.green} | 90% |
    | `webp` | Lessless / Lossy | :material-check:{.green} | 70% |

    !!! note "Note about Transparency"

        Only a select few card types can take advantage of transparency. These
        are typically types that allow use of a background _color_ instead of an
        image - e.g. the [Roman Numeral](...) and [Logo](...) cards.

My personal recommendation is to use the `webp` image extension because of the
file size savings and support for transparency. The reason this is not the
default is because of the ubiquity of JPEG images.

### Filename Format

The format / naming convention of how to name the Title Card files. This is a
_format_, and will be applied to each individual Title Card. This format can
contain _variable_ data (wrapped in `{}` curly braces) that is evaluated for
each Title Card.

A full list of the available variables are listed below.

??? note "Available Variables"

    All the following examples will be for _Mr. Robot_ Season 4 Episode 1
    (absolute episode 33), titled "401 Unauthorized"

    ## Series Variables

    | Variable | Example |
    | ---: | :--- |
    | `{series_name}` | Mr. Robot |
    | `{series_full_name}` | Mr. Robot (2015) |
    | `{year}` | 2015 |
    | `{series_emby_id}` | _Depends_ |
    | `{series_imdb_id}` | tt4158110 |
    | `{series_jellyfin_id}` | _Depends_ |
    | `{series_sonarr_id}` | _Depends_ |
    | `{series_tmdb_id}` | 62560 |
    | `{series_tvdb_id}` | 289590 |
    | `{series_tvrage_id}` | N/A |

    ## Episode Variables

    | Variable | Example |
    | ---: | :--- |
    | `{season_number}` | 4 |
    | `{season_number:02}` | 04 |
    | `{episode_number}` | 1 |
    | `{episode_number:02}` | 01 |
    | `{absolute_number}` | 33 |
    | `{title}` | 401 Unauthorized |
    | `{title.lower()}` | 401 unauthorized |
    | `{title.upper()}` | 401 UNAUTHORIZED |
    | `{episode_emby_id}` | _Depends_ |
    | `{episode_imdb_id}` | tt7748418 |
    | `{episode_jellyfin_id}` | _Depends_ |
    | `{episode_tmdb_id}` | 1905049 |
    | `{episode_tvdb_id}` | 7337251 |
    | `{episode_tvrage_id}` | N/A |


    !!! tip "Formatting"

        All number data can be zero-padded with `n` many zeroes. Just specify
        the variable as `{variable:0n}`.

        All text data can be made fully upper or lowercase. Just specify the
        variable as `{variable.upper()}` or `{variable.lower()}`.

??? example "Example Formats"

    ```
    {series_full_name} - S{season_number:02}E{episode_number:02}
    ```

    Will produce files named like `Breaking Bad (2008) - S01E01`.

    ```
    {series_name} [{series_imdb_id}] - S{season_number}E{episode_number} - {title}
    ```

    Will produce files named like `Breaking Bad [tt0903747] - S1E1 - Pilot`.

??? example "TRaSH Naming Convention"

    If you follow the [TRaSH](https://trash-guides.info/Sonarr/Sonarr-recommended-naming-scheme/)
    recommended naming scheme, you can use the following setting:

    ```
    {series_full_name} - S{season_number:02}E{episode_number:02} - {title}
    ```

    It is important to note that this can produce _extremely_ long file names
    - sometimes _too_ long for your OS - if the Episode titles are exceedingly
    long, in particular for some Anime.

### Specials Folder Format

### Season Folder Format

^([^{]*(?:{(?:season|episode|absolute)_number(?::\d+)?})*)+$
